[Music]
you
hello it's Ruby and I apologize for just
how tired I look I've just woken up
today I am going to be showing you a day
in my life at the University of Exeter
and this video is very kindly sponsored
by the University of Exeter so thank you
so much I'm really loving my time here
so I'm so excited to be working with
them honestly I look so tired
[Music]
okay just to give you a little update
yesterday so excitingly oh my gosh I
can't even believe that I can say this
but I finished the first draft of my
book that I've been writing since
September
so that's long a long time so I started
editing the book this morning I read
through the first five chapters I'm just
so excited for kids I've been working on
this for such a long time and it felt
like I was never gonna finish it I've
just been using my master to-do list to
plan out the rest of my day advice I'm
gonna do is just quickly plan a video
which I've mostly planned I just want to
finish doing the preliminary work for
that which will only take about six
minutes
[Music]
one of my favorite songs is a piece of
music is hall of the Mountain King it's
quite intense but it's really fun to do
work to you you should definitely try it
I do enjoy it I've actually done it I've
done a few study with means to it and I
love the way that they turn out
[Music]
okay so the next thing I'm gonna do is
write out a nasty pan from memory for my
internet just dialog topic for religion
in the modern world I'm pretty confident
with this one because it was a topic
that she did at a level and it was my
favorite topic in the whole of the
a-levels back so I did so much extra
research for this the reading that I did
I did so much that I've had to do barely
any in preparation for this exam because
when you really enjoy something when you
find it so interesting and so important
it doesn't leave your mind like you just
remember it and so um I remember it
pretty much crystal clear from last year
and so that's quite good that's quite
beneficial I think inter-religious
dialogue is so important so yeah I'm
gonna get on with writing out this essay
plan now just to make sure I actually
can remember it
so then after that I decided to do some
exercise I basically just did some
stretching and general workouts on my
yoga mat and then I went to do the
washing-up and at the same time I was
watching an episode of the good play
it's such an amazing amazing show I
definitely recommend it
[Music]
you
okay it's really really hot in this room
and they need to get out of here so I
have decided I've got a letter to reply
to you and I got it quite a while ago
and I just haven't replied to it so I'm
going to head to Reed Hall and I'm going
to reply to this letter
number one because basically because
Reed who is my favorite part of the
university is such a beautiful building
there's this really lovely area outside
that you can sit at so I think I'm going
to you bring the stuff to reply to this
latter reply to that maybe you read some
of my book and then head to the library
and do some work so let's get going
because this room is way too hot for me
to spend any more time in there looking
very messy
[Music]
okay let's get going I've redone my hand
for the headband in grab my key bag
packed
[Music]
so you're here in one of the most
beautiful corners of Reed Hall but it's
just this really beautiful raised it's
almost like a castle it's so nice and
it's so quiet and you can hear the
stream running down it's so pretty
and then recalls up that so I'm gonna
write a letter and you're just going to
put in some headphones I might take one
time-lapse and I'm gonna be normal here
to write my letter to Madeleine
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
most people's exams in Finnish now
because when I was in the library I
decided to do some reading of some
articles and also write up some essay
plans
[Music]
I'm back in my room and yes my camera
did die so I wasn't able to film me
sitting in the library but I studied
there for about two hours look at that
that is embarrassing that is awful I was
just snacking on some crisps and pesto
and a blob of pesto has stained my nano
shirt green this is awful so I'm
currently in the process of writing a
speech I've been writing this for about
I'd say like 40 minutes I'm writing out
the plan now I'm just planning on final
section there are four sections planning
of the final section and then I put
dinner ready so it's gonna be cold by
now but I will eat in a second and I
think I'm gonna watch another episode of
the good place whilst I just because I
really want to see what happens this is
so bad I've never gone into a Netflix
series perform you know properly but
this is very good I'm really enjoying it
the philosophy and theology behind it as
well makes it so anything oh my gosh
please ignore what the stain on my top
there we go five page plan done if
you're wondering the speech is for next
Tuesday basic or next Wednesday the day
after my exam I'm speaking at a
conference I've never spoken at a
conference I'm so excited for it not
actually that nervous I'm pretty I know
that I will get nervous right beforehand
but I don't get that nervous before yeah
but I've just done my first time which
is five pages and I need to write it up
properly tomorrow and here is my diamond
I've got so that rocket it's an olive
oil pasta and olive and then I'm going
to have it with some pesto because mr.
Lee probably making it isn't okay I'm
just gonna quickly do the washing up
from dinner ibrehem colander I just need
to you wash up these bits
[Music]
and then I just decided to tidy such
clean my room I like to do this every
evening because it means I just wake up
to a clean room which is a great way to
start the day so this this day I decided
to Hoover before going to bed because my
carpet gets really really dirty actually
[Music]
okay so thank you so much for watching
today's video so I want to say another
huge thank you to the University of
Exeter for sponsoring today's video and
if you want to just learn a little bit
more about Exeter I will leave a link
down below in the description box thank
you again and I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]